[Elliot]

Step one: identify the target and its flaws.

There are always flaws.

I learned that early in life.

My first hack, the local library, a vulnerable FTP server in its as400.

A far cry from the Android zero days I'm using to own the FBI standard-issue smartphone.

The library was a test to see if I could even get into the system.

I've since set greater goals.

For instance, step two: build malware and prepare an attack.

At my fingertips, the zero day is wrapped in code like a Christmas present, then becomes an exploit, the programmatic expression of my will.

I live for this shit.

---

Step three: a reverse shell, two-stage exploit.

The ideal package.

Load the malware into a femtocell delivery system, my personal cell tower that'll intercept all mobile data.

Similar to my first time, when I found myself staring at late book fees, employee names, member addresses.

---

Everything was revealed.

The secret of the perfect hack?

Make it infallible.

Hidden within the kernel is a logic b*mb, malicious code designed to execute under circumstances I've programmed.

Should the FBI take an image of the femtocell, all memory will self-corrupt, or "explode."

Step four: Write the script.

Why do it myself?

Because that's how I learned, and I know exactly what, when, and how it's going to run.

I didn't do anything harmful my first time.

Just looked around.

But I felt so powerful.

11 years old and in complete control of the Washington Township Public Library.

Today is different.

I hacked the world.

Final step: launch the attack.

Once I do, I'll own the Android phone of every FBI agent in that building.

I'll own Evil Corp's network, applications, everything.

Domain Admin.

This, the thrill of pwning a system, this is the greatest rush.

God access.

The feeling never gets old.

---

I'm gonna need to talk to the old sys admin.

The old IT guy, set this up.

There's an encrypted database on the old server I'm gonna need access to.

[Ray]

You wanna talk to RT?

[Elliot]

If that's his name.

[Ray]

I'll talk to Ray, see what's what.